f:\!artshit\import\goatsh~1\fleshpot\radio
<..\Fleshpot\!>

1=Caller, you're on.

2=I don't think you should have dismissed that guy Phil on such short
analysis.  Certainly he sounds like a babbling maniac, but I know that
he's not the only one who has been finding these things. Remember that
story in the Regal?  I think it was in Snob Getch's article.  Remember
that really strange painted rock, and that big symbol thing that was
drawn around it in chalk?  That eight pointed thing, and the word
'Submit' that you could read out the window on the second floor?  I
don't think that it was a smart thing to not report it, but at the same
time, newspapers never print the best stories that are really true and
interesting.  Imagine the psychological terrorism that was rendered in
that one act.  It was not just a joke, but a joke with a huge
background.

3=Great, another conspiracy theorist. . .

4=Listen, if the employees of the Regal don't get to cover a story like
that, when they knew it was so true and real that they had to park by
it, and no one seems to be able to explain this except conspiracy theory
kooks, then YOU are under the obligation, based on your own professed
beliefs to offer an alternate explanation.  When you start getting
inundated by callers who have found Chaosmongers tags and Fleshpot tags
and Bandscar tags, etc.  Then it is not a matter of proving whether or
not this "conspiracy" exists, but what are the motives and identities of
the conspirators.  Besides, it's not just a rumor anymore, and there are
a lot of people that get some sort of kick out of it.

5=You'll have to excuse me, I'm on a Rock Star mission, you know.  There
is a difference, you are aware, between indicators and O-Shitsers.  Sure
this is a blip on my scope, it isn't about to fall on this head as an
O-Shitster.  If it becomes important, you'll hear about it here.

6=May I ask your "greatness" what it is an indicator of?

7=How bad people are trying to find shit to hold on to, to apply some
sort of twisted meaning to.  To build their Rock Star Analogues out of.
We pray for operable iconologies enriched with a shitload of power
lexemes, like "power lexemes," and "Chaosmongers."

8=So I'm interested in this because it's called something that strikes
some sort of chord in the vacuous hallways of my soul?

9=Yeah, something like that.  (Fucking smartasses,) <caller>, you're on.
